@bin bin/gpxsee
share/applications/gpxsee.desktop
share/gpxsee/
share/gpxsee/csv/
share/gpxsee/csv/ellipsoids.csv
share/gpxsee/csv/gcs.csv
share/gpxsee/csv/pcs.csv
share/gpxsee/maps/
share/gpxsee/maps/4UMaps.xml
share/gpxsee/maps/Antarctica.xml
share/gpxsee/maps/OpenStreetMap.xml
share/gpxsee/maps/OpenTopoMap.xml
share/gpxsee/maps/USGS-imagery.xml
share/gpxsee/maps/USGS-topo.xml
share/gpxsee/symbols/
share/gpxsee/symbols/ATV.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Airport.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Amusement Park.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Anchor.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Ballpark.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Bank.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Bar.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Beach.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Big Game.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Bike Trail.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Boat Ramp.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Bowling.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Bridge.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Building.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Campground.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Car Rental.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Car Repair.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Car.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Cemetary.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Church.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Crossing.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Dam.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Drinking Water.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Fastfood.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Fishing Area.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Flag, Blue.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Flag, Green.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Flag, Red.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Flag.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Forest.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Furbearer.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Gas Station.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Geocache Found.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Geocache.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Ghost Town.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Golf Course.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Ground Transportation.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Heliport.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Hunting Area.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Iceskating.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Information.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Library.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Live Theater.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Lodging.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Marina.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Medical Facility.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Military.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Mine.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Movie Theater.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Museum.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Oil Field.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Parachute Area.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Park.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Parking Area.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Pharmacy.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Picnic Area.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Police Station.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Post Office.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/RV Park.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Radio Beacon.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Residence.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Restaurant.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Restroom.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Scenic Area.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/School.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Shipwreck.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Shopping Center.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Ski Resort.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Skiing Area.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Skull and Crossbones.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Small Game.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Stadium.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Summit.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Tall Tower.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Telephone.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Trail Head.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Truck Stop.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Truck.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Tunnel.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Ultralight Area.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Upland Game.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Water Hydrant.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Water Source.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Waterfowl.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Waypoint.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Winery.png
share/gpxsee/symbols/Zoo.png
share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/gpxsee.png
share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/gpxsee.png
share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/gpxsee.png
share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/gpxsee.png
share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/gpxsee.png
share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/gpxsee.svg
share/metainfo/
share/metainfo/gpxsee.appdata.xml
share/mime/packages/gpxsee.xml
@tag update-mime-database
@tag update-desktop-database
@tag gtk-update-icon-cache %D/share/icons/hicolor
